writing/proposal.md, before:

# Table of Contents

<!---toc start-->

<!---toc end-->

## Project Overview

This long-term project invites you to propose, implement, evaluate, and present
your own advanced project in the field of computer security. In addition to
requiring the completion of a significant and innovative software tool, this
project invites you to complete a series of presentations and reports. Your
proposed project should clearly demonstrate a "security synapse" both through
the connection between high-level concepts and their low-level implementation
and technical concepts discussed in the course and their practical application
to the secure use of real-world computer software. You may use external sources,
including artificial intelligence coding assistants and online forums, during
the completion of this project provided that you cite these sources and explain
how you used them to complete the various components of your proposed project.

## Proposal Instructions

Provide all of the requested details about your proposed security summit
project. Please note that, in addition to ensuring that your GitHub repository
has a passing build, the course instructor will also confirm that you have
adequately answered all of the questions by providing meaningful responses to
each of them. It is important to note that if you do not provide satisfactory
answers to all of these questions you will not earn a satisfactory assessment of
your security synapse project proposal.

TODO: You should delete all of the prompts in this file so as to ensure that the
final document is a comprehensive proposal for your security synapse project.

## Security Summit Project Proposal

### Add Your Name Here

TODO: Make sure to include your name in the above heading.

### Summary Checklist

TODO: Please create a filled checkbox for each proposal task that you completed

TODO: Please do not fill in the checkbox if you did not complete the task

- [] Explored various topics in the field of computer security
- [] Provided an informative title for the proposed project
- [] Gave a list of the overall scientific and engineering goals for the project
- [] Wrote a proposal abstract with both an overview and the expected contributions
- [] Outlined a design, implementation, and evaluation strategy for the project
- [] Furnished a demonstration of project feasibility through code and/or data
- [] Gave a list of tasks that you plan to complete after the proposal's approval
- [] Explain how the project will help you to achieve learning outcomes
- [] Suggested improvement for upcoming modules in the computer security course

### Potential Topics for the Security Summit Project

TODO: Provide a list of at least three topics that you considered for this
project, bearing in mind that for the next question you will need to specify
which project you are picking at your final one for this course. It is also
important to note that if some aspect of your chosen project does not work out,
then you can consider one of these alternative projects as a backup.

TODO: Each topic in the list should be explained with one sentence that explains
both what you are going to build and how you are going to evaluate it.

#### What is the final topic that you have selected for your security summit project?

TODO: Write two or three sentences that offer an overview of your topic, explain
what you are going to build, and describe how you are going to evaluate it. What
you furnish in this sub-section of the proposal should include a few more
details than the topic list that you provided in the previous sub-section.

- **Chosen Topic**: 

#### What are the scientific and/or engineering goals for your chosen project?

TODO: Provide a list of at least three goals for your chosen project. Each goal
that you provide should have a clear noun and verb. Whenever it is possible to
do so, please make sure that you do not write any of these goals in passive
voice as that would obscure the overall contributions of your project.

#### What is the abstract of your project proposal?

TODO: Write a one-paragraph abstract that overviews your proposed project and
the expected outcomes. The content that you write here should be written and
formatted like the abstract of a scientific paper published in an ACM or IEEE
conference in the field of computer security. The one different between an
abstract that you read in a published research paper and this abstract is that
the one you are writing here will reference expected research results and a
published paper will explain the results from a completed study.

#### What are the components of your system that you are going to design and implement?

TODO: Write a one or two paragraph response to this question. Your response
should highlight the names of the system components that you are going to build,
the way in which you are going to design each specific component, and then a
checklist of steps that you will take to actually implement and test that
component. Whenever possible, please make sure that you state the specific
implementation frameworks, programming languages, and tools that you will use to
design and implement each component in your proposed system.

#### What is at least one evidence of feasibility for your proposed project?

TODO: Along with furnishing two fenced code blocks, write a one or two paragraph
response to this question. Your response to this question should contain at
least two fenced code blocks. The first fenced code block should contain a code
snippet that demonstrates the feasibility of your proposed project. The second
fenced code block should contain the output from running the code snippet. The
code segment that you furnish should make it clear that it is possible for
you to complete the proposed project during the remainder of the academic
semester. After you have finished both of the code blocks, please write one or
two paragraphs that explain how the code snippet demonstrates project feasibility.

### Learning Objectives

After consulting the [Learning
Objectives](https://securitysynapse.org/syllabus/#learning-objectives) for the
Computer Security course, pick at least two or three of them that **connect to
your proposed computer security project** and write the learning objective in
its entirety below this paragraph. Next, accurately assess your current
attainment of that learning objective on a scale between 1 and 5 where 1
indicates that you are emerging as a learner for the objective and 5 indicates
that you are computer security engineer who expertly completes tasks associated
with the learning objective and are prepared to effectively teach it to others.

### Restatement of Learning Objectives

TODO: Make sure to re-state at least two or three of the learning objectives,
using the correct notation for its label as provided in the syllabus.

### Assessment of Your Attainment of the Learning Objective

#### Assessing Current Level of First Learning Objective

- [] 1 (**Emerging**): The security engineer is beginning to learn this skill or
concept and needs significant guidance and/or support.
- [] 2 (**Developing**): The security engineer has some understanding but still
needs help and practice to fully grasp the skill or concept.
- [] 3 (**Competent**): The security engineer has a solid understanding and can
independently apply the skill or concept most of the time.
- [] 4 (**Proficient**): The security engineer has a deep understanding and can
consistently apply the skill or concept independently and effectively.
- [] 5 (**Expert**): The security engineer has mastered the skill or concept and
can apply it in complex situations and even teach it to others.

## Course Assessment

As you complete your project's proposal, please reflect on your experiences to
date in the computer security course and answer the following questions. Please
note that your responses to these questions will neither positively nor
negatively influence your grade in the computer security course. With that said,
you should honestly answer these questions so that the course instructor can
best ensure that they delivered appropriate instruction during the remainder of
the semester. Finally, please note that the responses that you give in this
subsection should apply to your experiences during the class and laboratory
sessions and during the completion of the prior computer security projects.

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I was challenged intellectually by the content and activities during this module"

Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I had plenty of support from my professor, my classmates, the student technical leaders, and the course software as I worked during this module"

Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I am closer to mastering the technical and scientific concepts of the course now than I was at the start of this semester."

Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I felt that I was a part of a community of software engineers during the past module."

Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "During the past module I made progress in mastering the technical knowledge and skills in software engineering because of my own efforts and choices."

Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### Write three sentences that summarize your overall experience in the computer security course for this module. What do you think that we should keep doing? What do you think that we should stop doing? What suggestion can you offer for a task that we can start doing to improve the next module of the course?

#### Sentence One: Answer the question `What do you think that we should keep doing? Why?`

TODO: Write one sentence to answer the question.
TODO: Provide a sentence of the form "I think that we should keep doing X because Y."

#### Sentence Two: Answer the question `What do you think that we should stop doing? Why?`

TODO: Write one sentence to answer the question.
TODO: Provide a sentence of the form "I think that we should stop doing X because Y."

#### Sentence Three: Answer the question `What do you think that we should start doing? Why`

TODO: Write one sentence to answer the question.
TODO: Your sentence should be of the form "I think that we should start doing X because Y."

Commit message:

docs: Add a details about learning objectives to the writing/proposal.md.

writing/proposal.md, after:

# Table of Contents

<!---toc start-->

<!---toc end-->

## Project Overview

This long-term project invites you to propose, implement, evaluate, and present
your own advanced project in the field of computer security. In addition to
requiring the completion of a significant and innovative software tool, this
project invites you to complete a series of presentations and reports. Your
proposed project should clearly demonstrate a "security synapse" both through
the connection between high-level concepts and their low-level implementation
and technical concepts discussed in the course and their practical application
to the secure use of real-world computer software. You may use external sources,
including artificial intelligence coding assistants and online forums, during
the completion of this project provided that you cite these sources and explain
how you used them to complete the various components of your proposed project.

## Proposal Instructions

Provide all of the requested details about your proposed security summit
project. Please note that, in addition to ensuring that your GitHub repository
has a passing build, the course instructor will also confirm that you have
adequately answered all of the questions by providing meaningful responses to
each of them. It is important to note that if you do not provide satisfactory
answers to all of these questions you will not earn a satisfactory assessment of
your security synapse project proposal.

TODO: You should delete all of the prompts in this file so as to ensure that the
final document is a comprehensive proposal for your security synapse project.

## Security Summit Project Proposal

### Add Your Name Here

TODO: Make sure to include your name in the above heading.

### Summary Checklist

TODO: Please create a filled checkbox for each proposal task that you completed

TODO: Please do not fill in the checkbox if you did not complete the task

- [] Explored various topics in the field of computer security
- [] Provided an informative title for the proposed project
- [] Gave a list of the overall scientific and engineering goals for the project
- [] Wrote a proposal abstract with both an overview and the expected contributions
- [] Outlined a design, implementation, and evaluation strategy for the project
- [] Furnished a demonstration of project feasibility through code and/or data
- [] Gave a list of tasks that you plan to complete after the proposal's approval
- [] Explain how the project will help you to achieve learning outcomes
- [] Suggested improvement for upcoming modules in the computer security course

### Potential Topics for the Security Summit Project

TODO: Provide a list of at least three topics that you considered for this
project, bearing in mind that for the next question you will need to specify
which project you are picking at your final one for this course. It is also
important to note that if some aspect of your chosen project does not work out,
then you can consider one of these alternative projects as a backup.

TODO: Each topic in the list should be explained with one sentence that explains
both what you are going to build and how you are going to evaluate it.

#### What is the final topic that you have selected for your security summit project?

TODO: Write two or three sentences that offer an overview of your topic, explain
what you are going to build, and describe how you are going to evaluate it. What
you furnish in this sub-section of the proposal should include a few more
details than the topic list that you provided in the previous sub-section.

- **Chosen Topic**: 

#### What are the scientific and/or engineering goals for your chosen project?

TODO: Provide a list of at least three goals for your chosen project. Each goal
that you provide should have a clear noun and verb. Whenever it is possible to
do so, please make sure that you do not write any of these goals in passive
voice as that would obscure the overall contributions of your project.

#### What is the abstract of your project proposal?

TODO: Write a one-paragraph abstract that overviews your proposed project and
the expected outcomes. The content that you write here should be written and
formatted like the abstract of a scientific paper published in an ACM or IEEE
conference in the field of computer security. The one different between an
abstract that you read in a published research paper and this abstract is that
the one you are writing here will reference expected research results and a
published paper will explain the results from a completed study.

#### What are the components of your system that you are going to design and implement?

TODO: Write a one or two paragraph response to this question. Your response
should highlight the names of the system components that you are going to build,
the way in which you are going to design each specific component, and then a
checklist of steps that you will take to actually implement and test that
component. Whenever possible, please make sure that you state the specific
implementation frameworks, programming languages, and tools that you will use to
design and implement each component in your proposed system.

#### What is some convincing evidence of feasibility for your proposed project?

TODO: Along with furnishing two fenced code blocks, write a one or two paragraph
response to this question. Your response to this question should contain at
least two fenced code blocks. The first fenced code block should contain a code
snippet that demonstrates the feasibility of your proposed project. The second
fenced code block should contain the output from running the code snippet. The
code segment that you furnish should make it clear that it is possible for
you to complete the proposed project during the remainder of the academic
semester. After you have finished both of the code blocks, please write one or
two paragraphs that explain how the code snippet demonstrates project feasibility.

#### What tasks will you complete after the approval of your project proposal?

TODO: Write a list of at least five tasks that you will complete after the
approval of your project proposal. The steps that you furnish should be in the
order that you will complete them and include technical details about what you
will build and how you will evaluate your progress on each task.

### Learning Objectives

After consulting the [Learning
Objectives](https://securitysynapse.org/syllabus/#learning-objectives) for the
Computer Security course, pick at least two or three of them that **connect to
your proposed computer security project** and write the learning objective in
its entirety below this paragraph. Next, accurately assess your current
attainment of that learning objective on a scale between 1 and 5 where 1
indicates that you are emerging as a learner for the objective and 5 indicates
that you are computer security engineer who expertly completes tasks associated
with the learning objective and are prepared to effectively teach it to others.

### Restatement of Learning Objectives

TODO: Make sure to re-state at least two or three of the learning objectives,
using the correct notation for its label as provided in the syllabus.

### Assessment of Your Attainment of the Learning Objectives

TODO: For two of the learning objectives that you stated, please assess your
attainment of the skill described in that learning objective. For the assessment
of your learning objectives, the `First` one will be the one that appears first
above and the `Second` one will be the one that appears after the `First` one.

#### Assessing Current Level of Attainment for First Learning Objective

- [] 1 (**Emerging**): The security engineer is beginning to learn this skill or
concept and needs significant guidance and/or support.
- [] 2 (**Developing**): The security engineer has some understanding but still
needs help and practice to fully grasp the skill or concept.
- [] 3 (**Competent**): The security engineer has a solid understanding and can
independently apply the skill or concept most of the time.
- [] 4 (**Proficient**): The security engineer has a deep understanding and can
consistently apply the skill or concept independently and effectively.
- [] 5 (**Expert**): The security engineer has mastered the skill or concept and
can apply it in complex situations and even teach it to others.

#### Assessing Current Level of Attainment for Second Learning Objective

- [] 1 (**Emerging**): The security engineer is beginning to learn this skill or
concept and needs significant guidance and/or support.
- [] 2 (**Developing**): The security engineer has some understanding but still
needs help and practice to fully grasp the skill or concept.
- [] 3 (**Competent**): The security engineer has a solid understanding and can
independently apply the skill or concept most of the time.
- [] 4 (**Proficient**): The security engineer has a deep understanding and can
consistently apply the skill or concept independently and effectively.
- [] 5 (**Expert**): The security engineer has mastered the skill or concept and
can apply it in complex situations and even teach it to others.

## Course Assessment

As you complete your project's proposal, please reflect on your experiences to
date in the computer security course and answer the following questions. Please
note that your responses to these questions will neither positively nor
negatively influence your grade in the computer security course. With that said,
you should honestly answer these questions so that the course instructor can
best ensure that they delivered appropriate instruction during the remainder of
the semester. Finally, please note that the responses that you give in this
subsection should apply to your experiences during the class and laboratory
sessions and during the completion of the prior computer security projects.

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I was challenged intellectually by the content and activities during this module"

Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I had plenty of support from my professor, my classmates, the student technical leaders, and the course software as I worked during this module"

Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I am closer to mastering the technical and scientific concepts of the course now than I was at the start of this semester."

Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "I felt that I was a part of a community of software engineers during the past module."

Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### On a scale from 1 to 5, please respond to this assertion from your perspective: "During the past module I made progress in mastering the technical knowledge and skills in software engineering because of my own efforts and choices."

Please create a filled checkbox for the level that best describes your perspective

- [] 1: Strongly Disagree
- [] 2: Disagree
- [] 3: Neutral
- [] 4: Agree
- [] 5: Strongly Agree

### Write three sentences that summarize your overall experience in the computer security course for this module. What do you think that we should keep doing? What do you think that we should stop doing? What suggestion can you offer for a task that we can start doing to improve the next module of the course?

#### Sentence One: Answer the question `What do you think that we should keep doing? Why?`

TODO: Write one sentence to answer the question.
TODO: Provide a sentence of the form "I think that we should keep doing X because Y."

#### Sentence Two: Answer the question `What do you think that we should stop doing? Why?`

TODO: Write one sentence to answer the question.
TODO: Provide a sentence of the form "I think that we should stop doing X because Y."

#### Sentence Three: Answer the question `What do you think that we should start doing? Why`

TODO: Write one sentence to answer the question.
TODO: Your sentence should be of the form "I think that we should start doing X because Y."
